Jour652: Midterm
Part 1: Q&A

Directions:

1. Use VS Code. Copy and paste the questions below and fill in the answers.

2. This assignment is open book. 

## Consulting available resources

*To complete this part of the test, you may use any preparatory materials you like – your notes, ELMS resources, previous class assignments, Internet-based reference material, or other material. Bear in mind, this is not a group project. Don’t copy code from classmates or ask them for help. This test should only include work done by you. You may not communicate via text, chat, etc. while working on this portion of the midterm.*

2. This assignment is open book.

3. Answer every question.

4. If you don't understand what I'm asking for on a question, you may ask me to clarify for the class.

5. When you are done, please save your document as “your-name-midterm-pt1.txt” and submit on ELMS. Also, let me know you have completed the first portion of your midterm.

****

Questions

1. In the sentence below, put in the necessary code that would allow users to click on the word Google and open Google's homepage:

Google is the best search engine in the world.




2. Describe the purpose of a DIV tag.




3. Write out the basic structure of an HTML page, putting the basic tags in the correct position.  (Note: you don't need to connect it to a stylesheet or include DIV tags or anything like that).











4. There are two main "areas" or "sections" in the basic structure of an HTML page. In which area would you put a link to a stylesheet?



5. In which main "area" or "section" of an HTML page would you put text, images or DIV tags?



6. In the space below, put one DIV tag with a class of graphicbox and a second DIV tag with an ID of name.








7. In the space below, put one DIV tag with an ID of apples and a class of fruit.





8. In the space below, write the correct CSS code to target a DIV with a class of fruit. Make the color of the text black (#000000).








9. What tag would we use to include an image on an HTML page? Just give me the name of the tag, you don't have to write out all the code.




10. Why do we use media queries?




11. What is the main difference between a serif and a sans-serif font?




12. Which of the following is a hexadecimal code?
#FFCC33
123,543,242
101010101
-213
